Epic Games
WHAT MAKES US EPIC?
At the core of Epic's success are talented, passionate people. Epic prides itself on creating a collaborative, welcoming, and creative environment. Whether it's building award-winning games or crafting engine technology that enables others to make visually stunning interactive experiences, we're always innovating.
Being Epic means being a part of a team that continually strives to do right by our community and users. We're constantly innovating to raise the bar of engine and game development.
ENGINEERING - GAMES
What We Do
Unreal projects have been leading the pack of real-time entertainment with our constantly growing team of engineering experts. We're always improving on the tools and technology that empower content developers worldwide.
What You'll Do
The Fortnite Player Journey team is looking for a software engineer who is passionate about games and well-versed in C++, creating and maintaining systems for a live-service product, integrating with backend services, and driving UI with reusable data paradigms. In this role, you'll work on impactful systems to help players socialize with their friends and find their new favorite game in Fortnite, all while promoting a safe, fun experience for all.
In this role, you will
Architect, plan, and implement new features with systemic approach
Write robust, maintainable code with a focus on the future
Optimize and fix bugs in new and legacy systems
Integrate backend systems in support of the player experience
Collaborate with the cross-discipline team on cutting-edge features that support player experiences across Fortnite
Work closely with backend developers to align on service and client goals
Work closely with art and design leads to ensure that UI meets aesthetic and functional requirements
What we're looking for
Exceptional C++ programming skills
Experience developing features for games across multiple platforms
Interest in social, frontend, and gameplay-adjacent areas of game development
Interest in player safety and user-generated-content curation
Passion for games and great user experiences
Keen analytical mind and mature problem-solving skills
Unreal Engine development experience preferred
EPIC JOB + EPIC BENEFITS = EPIC LIFE
Our intent is to cover all things that are medically necessary and improve the quality of life. We pay 100% of the premiums for both you and your dependents. Our coverage includes Medical, Dental, a Vision HRA, Long Term Disability, Life Insurance & a 401k with competitive match. We also offer a robust mental well-being program through Modern Health, which provides free therapy and coaching for employees & dependents. Throughout the year we celebrate our employees with events and company-wide paid breaks. We offer unlimited PTO and sick time and recognize individuals for 7 years of employment with a paid sabbatical.
ABOUT US
Epic Games spans across 25 countries with 46 studios and 4,500+ employees globally. For over 25 years, we've been making award-winning games and engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3D content that bring environments to life like never before. Epic's award-winning Unreal Engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for PC, console, mobile, and VR, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design. As we continue to build our Engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.
