Lenovo
General Information 
Req #
WD00073546
Career area:
Software Engineering
Country/Region:
United States of America
State:
North Carolina
City:
Morrisville
Date:
Tuesday, October 22, 2024
Working time:
Full-time
Additional Locations: 
United States of America - North Carolina - Morrisville
Why Work at Lenovo 
We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers.

Lenovo is a US$57 billion revenue global technology powerhouse, ranked #248 in the Fortune Global 500, and serving millions of customers every day in 180 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver Smarter Technology for All, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC company with a full-stack portfolio of AI-enabled, AI-ready, and AI-optimized devices (PCs, workstations, smartphones, tablets), infrastructure (server, storage, edge, high performance computing and software defined infrastructure), software, solutions, and services. Lenovo’s continued investment in world-changing innovation is building a more equitable, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. Lenovo is listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange under Lenovo Group Limited (HKSE: 992) (ADR: LNVGY).


This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more inclusive, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our StoryHub.
Description and Requirements 
This position is for an Associate Cloud Software Engineer in the Cloud & Software team, part of the Advanced Innovation Center. This role will work closely with Engineering, Security, DevOps, QA, and Architecture teams to develop highly scalable solutions that integrate client agents and cloud services. To be successful in this role, you are expected to be highly hands-on, have knowledge of basic software engineering concepts, and be motivated to learn new technologies.
Responsibilities:
Work with the engineering team to develop and test software solutions that can involve client and cloud components.
Implement features going through the software lifecycle from design to production release.
Review pull requests from your peers to ensure high standards, consistency, and durability of the implementation.
Basic Qualifications:
Recent graduate with a Bachelors or Masters Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or technical related discipline
6+ months of software development experience in Java and experience with Angular or React
Effective communication, presentation, and strong interpersonal skills
Knowledge of RESTful web services
Solid understanding of object-oriented design principles and patterns, data structures, software engineering, distributed systems, and database systems
Experience with SpringBoot, MongoDB
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous internship experience in software development companies
Basic experience with public Cloud services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform)
Experience or familiarity with working in an Agile environment
Experience with Git
